Warning: Beginning with version 7.01.04, DR-DOS is able to use the LBA BIOS
functions to access hard disk partitions outside the 7.8 GB limit defined by
the old CHS (cylinder, head & sector) system. This is no problem for any disk
tools that use DOS functions to access these partitions, however, there are
many old tools that are not LBA-compliant which use low-level BIOS calls to
access hard disks. When used on partitions that are not within the space
accessible via CHS these tools could possibly write data to the wrong sectors
on the hard disk and thus cause severe damage. This is not a bug in DR-DOS, but
a limitation of these tools. Some of the disk tools that are included in the
distributions of DR-DOS 7.0x like fdisk, format, diskopt, etc. may also fall
into this category. Until they have been tested on LBA partitions and it has
been found that they are safe to use, do not use them without making a backup
of your hard disk first.

Warning: Beginning with version 7.01.05, DR-DOS supports FAT16 partitions with
a cluster size of 64 KB. This feature has been tested and found to be working.
However, until someone has done extensive tests and it has been found that it
is generally safe to use, use precautions before using it on partitions that
contain valuable data. Also, please note that many disk tools do not expect to
see this feature on a DOS based machine, so they most likely do not support it.
Windows NT and FreeDOS support it, so tools written for these operating systems
should be safe to use.

Update: Chkdsk seems to work with both LBA partitions and 64K clusters.

In version 7.01.06 I have introduced support for the FAT32 file system to
DR-DOS. This is quite an advancement and was requested by many users, but has
also led to a number of problems. Some of these will probably be fixed in one
of the next patches, but to others there is currently no simple solution.
- DR-DOS reports the free space on a partition in clusters; this value is per
  definition a 16-bit number, so this does not work on FAT32 partitions. I have
  tried to compensate this problem by making this function use dynamic cluster
  sizes to report the free space as accurately as possible, however, on FAT32
  partitions this value is not always exact. Also, there is no way to report
  more than 4 GB of free disk space with this function without seriously
  compromising the compatibility with existing software.
  Update (2.2.2004): I have implemented a new function (7303h) that uses 32-bit
  values to report the free disk space. The dir command of command.com now
  displays values more accurately and can also show more than 4 GB. Of course,
  this does not help old software that does not use this function.
- The disk utilities Delwatch and Superstor/Stacker do not support 32-bit
  cluster numbers and thus will not work on FAT32 partitions, and there is a
  good chance that support for them is broken on FAT12/16 as well. I would
  generally advise against using them until someone has tested them and it has
  been found that they are safe to use with this patch.
- Several disk tools that were written for MS-DOS 7 currently do not work on
  FAT32 partitions in DR-DOS because they either require the MS-DOS 7 FAT32 API
  to work correctly or they simply disable FAT32 support if they do not detect
  MS-DOS 7. A fix will require writing new system calls, so it will take some
  time.
  Warning: One of these programs that has been identified is the DOSLFN TSR.
  When used on FAT32 partitions in DR-DOS 7.01.06 and above, it uses an invalid
  DPB to access the partition, probably causing loss of data when writing to
  it. The next version of DOSLFN will probably fix this bug.
  Another prominent example is ScanDisk from MS-DOS 7.x.
  Update (24.3.2004): I have implemented additional functions of the DOS 7 API
  to make ScanDisk work on FAT32 drives, however, to enable this functionality,
  ScanDisk must be given version number 7.1 with the SetVer command.
- The DR-DOS BDOS loader currently does not support booting from FAT32 drives;
  I will probably fix this in one of the next patches.
  Update (15.1.2004): This has been fixed now, please test it.
- Apparently, the int 25/26h absolute disk read/write interface in MS-DOS has
  a bug that keeps it from working on FAT32 drives. DR-DOS, on the other hand,
  does not have this bug, and will happily work (at least theoretically) on
  partitions that are up to 2 terabytes in size. This would hardly pose a
  problem, however, some disk tools abuse this as a test to check whether a
  partition has been formatted with FAT32, causing them to fail on FAT32 drives
  in DR-DOS. Again, this is a bug in these tools, not in DR-DOS, and if you
  encounter one of these programs, please contact its author and ask him to
  correct this.
  Note to programmers: It should be obvious that the support for the FAT32 file
  system is in no way dependent on the presence of the MS-DOS 7.1 API, yet many
  still seem to think "no MS-DOS FAT32 API = no FAT32", or they just check for
  version numbers instead of APIs. Also, the presence of a bug or limitation in
  one DOS is nothing you can rely on; software can be written to work around
  known bugs in an OS, but should never rely on them or exploit them.
  Since the int 25/26h interface is present in all versions of DOS and int
  21h/ax=7305h does not offer any substantial benefits over it on non-MS-DOS
  PC operating systems, the int 25/26h interface should be given preference and
  int 21h/ax=7305 should only be used as a fallback if the former fails.
